what's up how's everybody doing mannish
boy at Cooper coming at you guys a day
with this mad NFL 25 video online ranked
match today guys I'm taking on the New
England Patriots I am the Tampa Bay
Buccaneers let's get right into the
gameplay I got damn it how's everybody
doing hope everybody is doing fantastic
welcome back to madden NFL 25 you go
over the double just unveiled son fill
your hands don't get something outside
action guys a little bit of oh let's go
to middle dear let's go to build it was
invented it outside but I will not let
my pants for you determine my future in
Devil's we're going back to the outside
dance we go back to the outside the damn
the damn toe tackles are amazing in this
game guy see we got here guys oh hey go
don't smudge it look you don't go see
what I told you low arousal bone guy I
put a round or bone on young man only
young man I give me first she got
kidding slipper see guy can slip just
came just can't it's good sky
ah ha ha
I don't home I'm trying to tackle a
needle Oh may he almost got me dang come
on grab my hair my god that's not a bad
end it even worse hey Chuck of the
middle guys mark see ya oh god now oh
there you go here we go come on go get
him off me you're running hey go come on
come on right come on right in here you
go here we go oh I'm keep catching with
these old bitches and screens let us
call this you despicable me despicable
me up so this training play you may try
to hit me would hit me with my damn
magic oh come big come here ah you don't
bear you get on bear and if you try to
give me that you silly Billy spit on my
guy taking that oh you don't hit the Run
commit on me you don't hit the runs ooh
boom I don't know somebody form I'm
right at you baby coming right at you
like a eight teen will look right guys
no I had to catch you with it you're not
here to catch you in the middle ones
gear guys Oh ain't broke don't fix you
do what you do until he do what he has
to do oh ok we go hey you won't get me
you all get me but I'll see you right
over so we gotta guys look you gotta
fight let's go let go come on bitch I'll
rent them ok that's why I chose to go to
quarters down up in here babe I'll take
this wise decision oh come
I'll get some screen about yourself damn
dougie yeah guys oh come on come on a
girl eight times all we got told you
that despicable me that damn despicable
meet our struck again to better geyser
center we approached Oh try him trying
him with some screenplays of his own
come on hey go I didn't want to run you
back to look look at trihard own home
it's all about come on lodi bit wonky Oh
enjoy ask rush come on come on get up
get them there you go I take that I take
that all day long I'm back oh yes yes
that's what I'm talking about a little
motion is like BS will be low
BS lbs clothes cold ugh you gotta guys
second attempt quarterback drops back
black hey come on Oh howdy come up with
it hey
cool i got receiver don't you play with
these milk y mas que no megamax in
position man they protector hey bitch we
crushed to the zoo guy come up young man
never here today I'm chance you never
had a damn chain yeah Oh to drive e
eternity now what happens we won't be
Johnny banning stay right up guy
I gots to go to commit me what how did
he come up with dick come on Baron
that's how you make up for a beer catch
me stealing and i stagger
hey toss taker Oh Coco Coco coco alright
guys thanks for watching hope you
enjoyed this right here is the end the
video play with the buccaneers
definitely different than what I thought
it was gonna be I thought I was gonna
have to struggle a lot in the secondary
I just felt like their secondary you
know minus the rail rivas because you
know he's a monster but everybody else I
just thought I was just gonna have to
struggle with and for the most part you
know they played fantastic I knew I hit
a good set of linebackers you know I
knew the linebackers gonna play good you
know the d-line I wasn't sure about it
because a lot of a lot of guys in hell
you know the finesse move that i like
but man they they got out the time Brady
like a madman Glennon you know the
quarterback he played fantastic Vincent
Jackson played good you know all the
rest of the role players playing
excellent and dug in French I mean what
can I say man that dude is a milestone
again he's still a miles he's not having
probably the best you know season right
now as with this video in real life but
he is a milestone this game but you guys
keep let me know down in the comments
section what team you guys would like to
see me play with next other than that
guys yall already know what it is man
your boy who / if you enjoy the content
make sure you hit that subscribe button
and that like button go live
you